Update and rename GITHUB_TOKEN_SETUP (#441)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/try-rns.md

title: Try RNS
---

> Welcome to RNS! You can use RSK testnet to try the service for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to RNS! You can use the RSK Testnet to try the service for free.
```

> 1. Download a browser wallet. Recommended: [Nifty Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nifty-wallet/jbdaocneiiinmjbjlgalhcelgbejmnid)
> 2. Connect your wallet to RSK Testnet. You can do it with the top left selector on Nifty Wallet.
> 3. (optional) List tRIF token balance using this address: 0x19F64674D8A5B4E652319F5e239eFd3bc969A1fE. In Nifty wallet do this in Tokens tab.
> 4. Browse to [RSK faucet](https://faucet.testnet.rsk.co) to get some gas.
> 5. Browse to [tRIF faucet](https://faucet.rifos.org) to get some test RIF tokens.
> 6. Browse to [RNS Testnet Manager](https://testnet.manager.rns.rifos.org) and search for your desired domain.
> 7. Follow the registration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download a browser wallet. Recommended: [Nifty Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nifty-wallet/jbdaocneiiinmjbjlgalhcelgbejmnid)
2. Connect your wallet to the RSK Testnet. You can do it with the top left selector on Nifty Wallet.
3. (optional) List tRIF token balance using this address: `0x19F64674D8A5B4E652319F5e239eFd3bc969A1fE`. In Nifty wallet do this in the Tokens tab.
4. Use the [RSK faucet](https://faucet.testnet.rsk.co) to get some tR-BTC for gas.
5. Use the [tRIF faucet](https://faucet.rifos.org) to get some tRIF tokens.
6. Browse to the [Testnet RNS Manager](https://testnet.manager.rns.rifos.org) and search for your desired domain.
7. Follow the registration process.
```
